{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang4105{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fprq1\fcharset0 Courier New;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2509;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\ri-1800\f0\fs20 Friday, 27-Jul\par
--------------\par
Went for a sort walk around Seattle before I picked up the rental car and headed out on the road.  The first 45 minutes were marked by bumper-to-bumper traffic but outside Bellevue the traffic cleared and it was clear sailing.  I'm amazed at what a short distance outside Seattle you hit wilderness.  I drove up into the mountains north of Mt. Rainier and then down through the prairies into Spokane.  I am amazed at the stark delineation between lush, green, Pacific Northwest terrain and the stark, treeless terrain of the praries that lies immediately on the leeward side of the mountains.  The scenery changes drastically in no more than two miles.  \par
\par
I drove the entire distance to Spokane with the window open and was struck for the first time by the olifactory stimuli of the road.  Pine forest, fields of mint, fresh-cut hay, manure, the freshwater smell of Lake Moses.  \par
\par
Saturday, 28-Jul\par
----------------\par
Checked out of the hotel and went for a short walk through Spokane and Riverside Park.  Hit the road and drove east into the Idaho Panhandle and through Coeur D'Alene.  The terrain was lush and green and mountainous, completely unlike the prarie landscape I was expecting.  I continued east through Missoula, Butte, and Bozeman.  \par
\par
Butte was a mining town in decline but still very endearing and they had an Evil Kneivel festival going on which I briefly walked through.  Then back onto the highway past Our Lady of the Rockies and into my final destination for the day, Bozeman.  I had smoked ribs at World Famous Dave's BBQ and then went for a short drive around Bozeman.  It's a great little town with all the amenities, a great standard of living, and very secular.  Altogether a decent day, although much longer than expected.\par
\par
The smell-of-the-day was forest fire.\par
\par
Sunday, 29-Jul\par
--------------\par
Wow, what a spectacular day.\par
\par
I started out at 8:30 by wolfing down two (yes, two) sausage and egg biscuits and a small bucket of coffee.  Then on to Livingston for gas and into Yellowstone through the northern entrance.  Originally I had planned on entering through the western entrance, and am very glad I went the extra distance.\par
\par
The first stop was Mammoth Hot Springs for some really amazing sights of hot springs bubbling up from the earth, forming snow-white salt cascades as they followed gravity downward.  \par
\par
Then onward to various geysers, hot springs, and paint pots until I reached Old Faithful.  The wait was long and the crowds enormous, but it was every bit as impressive as it's made out to be.  The water jet at least a hundred feet in the air and the wind caused it to rain down in sheets on the crowd at least a hundred yards downwind.\par
\par
The weather today vascillated between cool and comfortable, and hellishly hot, depending primarily on whether the sun was out and whether or not there was a breeze.  To add to this several of the climbs were brutal, so that while the sights were spectacular there were times where I was only marginally enjoying myself.\par
\par
Fortunately after leaving Old Faithful the crowds soon dissipated and I came upon Yellowstone Lake where the sun was shining and a cool breeze kept the temperature perfect.  I took the first opportunity to pull the car over and walk up to my knees in the cold water.  I then bent down and splashed cold water over my head, washing away a day's worth of sweat, sticky sunscreen, and fatigue.  This gave me renewed energy and enthusiasm and I was able to drink in all the beauty of this 7,000-foot high mountain ocean.  The weather was flawless, the sun shining down approvingly, and the air cool.  I drove the entire circumference of the lake and then began my departure through the eastern entrance.\par
\par
On the way out I passed through an entire forest gutted by fire.  Most of Yellowstone, in fact, was in this same state.  However in each destroyed area of old-growth forest was another young-growth forest growing up in its place.  \par
\par
As I exited the park I descended into Buffalo Bill State Park and into the most beautiful part of the earth I've ever seen.  In my entire life I never imagined a place so breath-taking.  I won't insult it with a description, other than to say that "if" I return isn't in question, it's just a matter of "when" and "will I ever leave?"\par
\par
I ended the day with an amsolutely awesome feast of baby back ribs, roast chicken, corn-on-the-cob, baked beans, and toast.\par
\par
The scents-of-the-day were sulfur, pine forest, and -- again -- fresh-mown hay.\par
\par
Monday, 30-Jul\par
--------------\par
Today was a very productive day, however since it involved short visits to numerous places it unfortunately felt a bit forced.  I left Cody and drove along regional highways to Worland and through Tensleep Canyon.  Tensleep Canyon was another amazing piece of Wyoming, many photographs were had by all.  \par
\par
I then re-joined I-90 until I saw a sign indicating the exit for "Devil's Tower."  I vaguely recalled what Devil's Tower was, but wasn't entirely sure.  I made the executive decision to "fuck it!" and took the detour.  I ended up seeing Devil's Tower, and then choosing a meandering route back to I-90 along more regional highways.  \par
\par
As I arrived in Rapid City I quickly ditched my plans to go to the Black Hills Caverns and instead headed straight for Mount Rushmore, correctly guessing that all I'd need would be a few minutes to snap some photos and then be off.  Unfortunately the sun was setting behind the monument and the photos weren't to my liking and I decided to return in the morning.\par
\par
Altogether it was a great day, particularly in the sense that I made up the route and agenda along the way, becoming progressively more comfortable with nothing but a car, a map, and a road to drive on.\par
\par
Tuesday, 31-Jul\par
---------------\par
Started the day by returning to Mount Rushmore to get some pics with the sun in the right position.  Then I headed to Badlands National Park and took the long drive through.  As incredibly impressive as it was I couldn't help but think "this is like what I saw in Wyoming, just without the vivid colours."  \par
\par
Then I took a meandering drive to Pierre along more regional highways, had dinner, then backtracked a full 50 miles to Kadoka to check into my hotel by 9:30.  Along the way I stopped in Wall at Wall Drugs and stocked up on cheesy gifts.\par
\par
The drive to and from Pierre were through stunning prairie landscapes, although the beauty of the prairies are impossible to capture on film.  The rolling hills of golden oats, rich green oceans of hay, yellow and green patchworks of corn.  The long, straight roads fading into the horizon don't suggest monotony, but rather motility and possibility.\par
\par
Today was wonderfully ad-libbed and I checked into my hotel strung out on road adrenaline.  A wonderful day all around.\par
\par
Wednesday, 1-Aug\par
----------------\par
Today was short and uneventful, and I was never able to get my road rhythm.  I slept in until 9AM, didn't shower, and headed out on the road.  I couldn't find anywhere to get a coffee or breakfast, so I headed back to Pierre.  Crossing into a new time zone I ended up having lunch at Pizza Hut at 11AM -- my time.  I then drove straight as an arrow up highway 83 until I joined interstate 94.  Originally I had planned to take it West into Bismarck before taking it back east to Jamestown, but I had been nodding off since early afternoon and decided instead to head straight to the hotel.  I checked in early, laid down and napped for an hour or two, then headed out for Mexican at 8:30.\par
\par
The rolling plains of South Dakota gave way to the impossibly flat expanses of North Dakota, and I can suddenly see how some people can see the prairies as dull.  They were still beautiful in their simplicity, but I'm not accustomed to viewing a world that exists only in two dimensions.\par
\par
I finished "The Unbearable Lightness of Being" today and was utterly moved.  It was a beautiful story of humanity and love and loss and soul and body and companionship and loneliness and betrayal and paradise.  While at times it was arbitrary and overly romantic, (which is to say it was kitschy) it was still incredibly emotional and humanistic and thought-provoking.\par
\par
Spokane\par
=======\par
Riverfront Park\par
Riverfront Park in Spokane features a pavilion, a carousel, an Imax theater, a Vietnam veterans memorial and plenty of space for outdoor activities. A number of special events are held at the park throughout the year.  Looff Carrousel\par
\par
Falls SkyRide\par
This sky attraction offers a spectacular upfront view of the Spokane Falls. The 15-minute ride begin, but in the southwest corner of Riverfront Park, crosses the Spokane River and turns around under the Monroe St. Bridge.\par
\par
Spokane Falls\par
Located in downtown Spokane, Spokane Falls feature a promenade for safe viewing. \par
\par
Manito Park\par
The name of the park means \ldblquote Spirit of Nature\rdblquote  in the local native language, and contains some of the most beautiful public gardens in the Northwest such as Duncan Garden and Gaiser Conservatory.\par
\par
Butte\par
=====\par
Copper King Mansion\par
a designated a National Historic Place. The mansion is a monument to the wealthy lifestyle of the last century. You'll enjoy the exquisite architectural detail and 32 rooms of antiques.\par
\par
Our Lady of the Rockies \par
statue that looks down on Butte from the Continental Divide\par
\par
Bozeman\par
=======\par
Museum of the Rockies\par
600 W. Kagy Blvd., on the south side of the\par
Montana State University campus\par
\par
Rapid City\par
==========\par
Black Hills Caverns\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.blackhillscaverns.com/index.htm"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.blackhillscaverns.com/index.htm}}}\f0\fs20\par
Take exit 57 off I-90.\par
Go to Omaha St. and go west.\par
Follow Hwy. 44. \par
Look for our sign on the right.\par
The regular price for the 1-hour Adventure Tour: $8.75\par
Closes 7PM, last tour at 6PM\par
\par
Fargo\par
=====\par
Bonanzaville Fargo\par
Bonanzaville consists of 40 historic buildings on 15 acres that showcase over 400,000 documented and treasured artifacts native to the Midwest. Many of the houses in the park are of historic significance and were moved to the park to be preserved. A variety of museums are found within the park, including the Main Museum, Law Enforcement Museum, Telephone Museum, Gene Dahl Car Museum and the Eagles Air Museum. Through its displays and buildings, Bonanzaville depicts life in the Midwest during the 1800s and early 1900s.\par
\par
Duluth\par
======\par
Canal Park\par
has a unique aerial lift bridge that rises to let massive seafaring vessels enter the harbor, the retired ore carrier William A. Irvin and the Lake Superior Maritime Visitor Center.\par
\par
Thunder Bay\par
===========\par
Kakabeka Falls\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.ontarioparks.com/english/kaka-maps.html"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.ontarioparks.com/english/kaka-maps.html}}}\f0\fs20\par
Often referred to as the Niagara of the north, Kakabeka Falls are worth a visit in their own right. Water gushes over a 40-metre (131-foot) steep wall of a canyon creating a thundering display.\par
\par
Terry Fox Memorial\par
The Terry Fox Memorial, a bronze rendering of Terry Fox on a granite base with an amethyst foundation, stands to honour the life of the man who united the nation of Canada with his strength, courage and determination.\par
Right on 11/17, 1km east of town\par
\par
Sudbury\par
=======\par
Dynamic Earth - Big Nickel\par
\par
Science North\par
}
 